docs/ReadMore.md, before:

<!-- @upd|2025-10-22|refreshed captures and screenshots for Nordic nRF52832|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-10-17|new scores &ndash; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-09-11|new scores &ndash; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-09-09|inaugural scores &ndash; Analog Devices · InPlay · Nordic · Texas Instruments|-->

<!-- @entry|js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2| -->

<!-- @medal|1|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8           |G| -->
<!-- @medal|1|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8             |S| -->
<!-- @medal|1|js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8           |B| -->

<!-- @medal|10|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8            |G| -->
<!-- @medal|10|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8          |S| -->
<!-- @medal|10|js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2       |B| -->


<p align="center">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="680">
</p>

---

<a id="toc"></a>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="#application">Application</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#catalog">Catalog</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#scores">Scores</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a>
</h3>

<br>

This repository uses **EM&bull;Scope** to benchmark **BlueJoule** &ndash; a representative **Bluetooth Low Energy** [BLE] application executing on a wide-range of HW/SW platforms.&thinsp; Visit the [em-foundation/emscope](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope/blob/docs-stable/docs/ReadMore.md) project to learn more about the **EM&bull;Scope** tool itself.

<h4 align=“left”>Updates</h4>

<!-- @updates-begin -->
<details><summary>
&emsp;&thinsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-10-22.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;refreshed captures and screenshots for Nordic nRF52832</summary><p>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-10-17.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;new scores &ndash; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK<br>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-09-11.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;new scores &ndash; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK<br>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-09-09.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;inaugural scores &ndash; Analog Devices · InPlay · Nordic · Texas Instruments
</p></details>
<!-- @updates-end -->

<h4 align=“left”>Medals&emsp;🥇 · 🥈 · 🥉</h4>

<!-- @medals-begin -->
<details><summary>&emsp;&ensp;1&thinsp;s event period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">]</summary><p>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥇</b>&emsp;<code> 47.48</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥈</b>&emsp;<code> 41.92</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥉</b>&emsp;<code> 39.61</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8<br>

</p></details>
<details><summary>&emsp;10&thinsp;s event period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">]</summary><p>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥇</b>&emsp;<code>306.84</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥈</b>&emsp;<code>280.05</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥉</b>&emsp;<code>197.07</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2<br>

</p></details>
<!-- @medals-end -->

<p align="right"><sub>
  ⭐ <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule">Star</a>
  👁️ <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/subscription">Watch</a>
  📡 <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/commits/main.atom">RSS</a>
</sub></p>

----

## Application

Repetitve advertising serves as a fundamental capability of any Bluetooth Low Energy application.&thinsp; Because of its inherent simplicity, programs illustrating the [BLE broadcaster role](https://novelbits.io/bluetooth-low-energy-advertisements-part-1/) often serve as the "Hello World" within this space.

The **BlueJoule** benchmark will broadcast the same packet on the three standard BLE advertising channels.&thinsp; These transmissions occur back-to-back within a single _advertising event_; and these events will unfold at a 1&thinsp;s _advertising interval_. 

To faciliate "apples-to-apples" comparisons among different platforms, we require the underlying BLE radio to transmit packets at 0&thinsp;dB.&thinsp; A differentiator for HW vendors, TX power consumption in `mW` will often headline their datasheets.

And finally, the advertising packet itself comprises 19 bytes of payload defined with the following BLE data types:

| Len | Type | Data (hex)                                   | Notes                                         |
|----:|-----:|----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `02`  |  `01`  | `06`                                     | Flags &mdash; LE General Disc + BR/EDR not supported      |
| `0A`  |  `08`  | `42 6C 75 65 4A 6F 75 6C 65`             | Local Name &mdash; `"BlueJoule"`             |
| `04`  |  `FF`  | `D3 08 FF`                               | Manufacturer &mdash; Company:&thinsp; [Novel Bits](https://novelbits.io/) (`0x08D3`),&thinsp; Data: `0xFF`&emsp; |

When _not_ actively advertising &ndash; over 99% of the time, in fact, within a 1&thinsp;s event period &ndash; we presume that the application has entered some "deep-sleep" mode to minimize power consumption.

## Catalog

This repository houses the following curated **EM&bull;Scope** capture directories &ndash; each populated using the `emscope grab` command with either its `-J, --js220` or its `-P, --ppk2` option while powering the target hardware at a specified voltage:

<!-- @catalog-begin -->
| &emsp;Capture&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; | &emsp;JS220&emsp; | &emsp;PPK2&nbsp;&emsp; | &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Description&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; |
|---|:---:|:---:|---|
| `adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Analog Devices MAX32655 · Maxim SDK · 3V3 |
| `emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8 |
| `emm-9305-dvk/emb-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 3V3 |
| `in-100-dk/none-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8 |
| `in-100-dk/none-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/in-100-dk/none-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 3V3 |
| `nrf-52-dk/emscript-2V7`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/emscript-2V7/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 2V7 |
| `nrf-52-dk/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · Zephyr OS · 3V3 |
| `nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 1V8 |
| `nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8 |
| `nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 3V3 |
| `sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 1V8 |
| `sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 3V3 |
| `ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 2V2 |
| `ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2 |
| `ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 3V3 |
<!-- @catalog-end -->

An `ABOUT.md` file found in each directory describes the capture's HW/SW configuration as well as summarizes its benchmark scores.&thinsp; This file also contains a screen-shot of a typical advertising event, prepared using the `emscope view` command.

> [!TIP]
> We recommend opening any links marked with &thinsp;&nearr;&thinsp; in a new **Tab** or **Window** within your browser

## Scores

The following table presents a curated collection of capture results &ndash; summarizing _sleep power_&thinsp;, _event energy_&thinsp;, and a pair of **EM&bull;erald** scores for a subset of HW/SW configurations selected from the repository's catalog.

We've compiled a set of **EM&bull;erald** scores for each capture, assuming a 1&thinsp;s and 10&thinsp;s event period in each case.&thinsp; We've also broken out a subset of these scores which supplied 3V3 during the capture &ndash; as opposed to a more optimal voltage for the target configuration.

> [!NOTE]
> By way of review, **EM&bull;eralds** quantify _energy efficiency_ &ndash; with higher scores implying lower energy consumption per period:
>
><p align="left"><b><sup>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;EM•eralds = 2400 / (<i>Joules per day</i> × 30) = 80 / <i>Joules per day</i><br>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;CR2032 energy:&nbsp; 225 mAh × 3.6 × 3.0 V ≈ 2.43 kJ<br>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;1 EM•erald ≈ 1 CR2032-month</sup></b></p>

> [!TIP]
> Hovering over individual capture links within the following table provides an unabbreviated description of the target HW/SW configu&shy;ration.&thinsp; Each of these links takes you to a screen-shot of typical advertising event.

<!-- @scores-begin -->
<br><a name="js220-scores"></a><p align="center"><img src="images/emeralds.svg" width="200" alt=""></p>

| &emsp;&emsp;JS220 Capture&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; | sleep power [&thinsp;&mu;W&thinsp;] &ensp; | event energy [&thinsp;&mu;J&thinsp;] &ensp; | 1&thinsp;s period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">] &emsp;&emsp; | 10&thinsp;s period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">] &emsp;&emsp; |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Analog Devices MAX32655 · Maxim SDK · 3V3") | &emsp;<code>14.593</code> | &emsp;<code>48.216</code> | &emsp;<code> 14.75</code> | &emsp;<code> 47.75</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 1.505</code> | &emsp;<code>17.996</code> | &emsp;<code> 47.48</code> | &emsp;<code>280.05</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`in-100-dk/none-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 0.901</code> | &emsp;<code>21.189</code> | &emsp;<code> 41.92</code> | &emsp;<code>306.84</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Nordic nRF52832 · Zephyr OS · 3V3") | &emsp;<code> 4.659</code> | &emsp;<code>28.736</code> | &emsp;<code> 27.72</code> | &emsp;<code>122.85</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 8.384</code> | &emsp;<code>14.984</code> | &emsp;<code> 39.61</code> | &emsp;<code> 93.59</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 4.418</code> | &emsp;<code>21.821</code> | &emsp;<code> 35.28</code> | &emsp;<code>140.22</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2") | &emsp;<code> 1.761</code> | &emsp;<code>29.381</code> | &emsp;<code> 29.73</code> | &emsp;<code>197.07</code> |

<!-- @scores-end -->

Consider installing the [open-source](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope/blob/docs-stable/docs/ReadMore.md) **EM&bull;Scope** tool.&thinsp; You can then query _other_ event period scenarios, as well as interactively view individual data captures using the [**Joulescope File Viewer**](https://www.joulescope.com/pages/downloads).

## Contributing

To contribute new captures (or to refine existing captures), fork this repository and then submit a pull request (PR) for our consideration.&thinsp; Needless to say, we presume prior experience with the [`emscope`](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope) command-line tool.

> [!TIP]
> Use this command sequence when locally cloning your fork of this repo:
>
>```
> $ GIT_LFS_SKIP_SMUDGE=1 git clone --filter=blob:none https://github.com/<USER-NAME>/<FORKED-REPO-NAME>
> $ cd <FORKED-REPO-NAME>
> $ git lfs install --local --skip-smudge
>```
>From here, you can use `emscope pack -u` to deflate `emscope-capture.zip` files locally as needed.

If you plan to submit a new capture, create a directory whose name follows the labeling conventions used throughout this repo.&thinsp; Copy an existing capture's `ABOUT.md` file into your new directory, and then modify this file's contents accordingly.

For any technical questions or roadmap suggestions, create a new thread on our [discussions](https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/discussions/) page.

Commit message:

Enhance scores section with clarifications and filters
Updated the scores section to clarify capture results and added filtering criteria for table entries.

docs/ReadMore.md, after:

<!-- @upd|2025-10-22|refreshed captures and screenshots for Nordic nRF52832|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-10-17|new scores &ndash; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-09-11|new scores &ndash; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK|-->
<!-- @upd|2025-09-09|inaugural scores &ndash; Analog Devices · InPlay · Nordic · Texas Instruments|-->

<!-- @entry|js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8| -->
<!-- @entry|js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2| -->

<!-- @medal|1|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8           |G| -->
<!-- @medal|1|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8             |S| -->
<!-- @medal|1|js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8           |B| -->

<!-- @medal|10|js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8            |G| -->
<!-- @medal|10|js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8          |S| -->
<!-- @medal|10|js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2       |B| -->


<p align="center">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="680">
</p>

---

<a id="toc"></a>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="#application">Application</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#catalog">Catalog</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#scores">Scores</a>&nbsp;&#xFF5C;&nbsp;
  <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a>
</h3>

<br>

This repository uses **EM&bull;Scope** to benchmark **BlueJoule** &ndash; a representative **Bluetooth Low Energy** [BLE] application executing on a wide-range of HW/SW platforms.&thinsp; Visit the [em-foundation/emscope](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope/blob/docs-stable/docs/ReadMore.md) project to learn more about the **EM&bull;Scope** tool itself.

<h4 align=“left”>Updates</h4>

<!-- @updates-begin -->
<details><summary>
&emsp;&thinsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-10-22.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;refreshed captures and screenshots for Nordic nRF52832</summary><p>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-10-17.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;new scores &ndash; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK<br>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-09-11.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;new scores &ndash; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK<br>
&emsp;&emsp;<img src="images/badge-2025-09-09.svg" height="16" alt="2025-10-12"></img>&emsp;inaugural scores &ndash; Analog Devices · InPlay · Nordic · Texas Instruments
</p></details>
<!-- @updates-end -->

<h4 align=“left”>Medals&emsp;🥇 · 🥈 · 🥉</h4>

<!-- @medals-begin -->
<details><summary>&emsp;&ensp;1&thinsp;s event period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">]</summary><p>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥇</b>&emsp;<code> 47.48</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥈</b>&emsp;<code> 41.92</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥉</b>&emsp;<code> 39.61</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8<br>

</p></details>
<details><summary>&emsp;10&thinsp;s event period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">]</summary><p>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥇</b>&emsp;<code>306.84</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥈</b>&emsp;<code>280.05</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<b>🥉</b>&emsp;<code>197.07</code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2<br>

</p></details>
<!-- @medals-end -->

<p align="right"><sub>
  ⭐ <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule">Star</a>
  👁️ <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/subscription">Watch</a>
  📡 <a href="https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/commits/main.atom">RSS</a>
</sub></p>

----

## Application

Repetitve advertising serves as a fundamental capability of any Bluetooth Low Energy application.&thinsp; Because of its inherent simplicity, programs illustrating the [BLE broadcaster role](https://novelbits.io/bluetooth-low-energy-advertisements-part-1/) often serve as the "Hello World" within this space.

The **BlueJoule** benchmark will broadcast the same packet on the three standard BLE advertising channels.&thinsp; These transmissions occur back-to-back within a single _advertising event_; and these events will unfold at a 1&thinsp;s _advertising interval_. 

To faciliate "apples-to-apples" comparisons among different platforms, we require the underlying BLE radio to transmit packets at 0&thinsp;dB.&thinsp; A differentiator for HW vendors, TX power consumption in `mW` will often headline their datasheets.

And finally, the advertising packet itself comprises 19 bytes of payload defined with the following BLE data types:

| Len | Type | Data (hex)                                   | Notes                                         |
|----:|-----:|----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| `02`  |  `01`  | `06`                                     | Flags &mdash; LE General Disc + BR/EDR not supported      |
| `0A`  |  `08`  | `42 6C 75 65 4A 6F 75 6C 65`             | Local Name &mdash; `"BlueJoule"`             |
| `04`  |  `FF`  | `D3 08 FF`                               | Manufacturer &mdash; Company:&thinsp; [Novel Bits](https://novelbits.io/) (`0x08D3`),&thinsp; Data: `0xFF`&emsp; |

When _not_ actively advertising &ndash; over 99% of the time, in fact, within a 1&thinsp;s event period &ndash; we presume that the application has entered some "deep-sleep" mode to minimize power consumption.

## Catalog

This repository houses the following curated **EM&bull;Scope** capture directories &ndash; each populated using the `emscope grab` command with either its `-J, --js220` or its `-P, --ppk2` option while powering the target hardware at a specified voltage:

<!-- @catalog-begin -->
| &emsp;Capture&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; | &emsp;JS220&emsp; | &emsp;PPK2&nbsp;&emsp; | &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Description&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; |
|---|:---:|:---:|---|
| `adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Analog Devices MAX32655 · Maxim SDK · 3V3 |
| `emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8 |
| `emm-9305-dvk/emb-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 3V3 |
| `in-100-dk/none-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8 |
| `in-100-dk/none-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/in-100-dk/none-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 3V3 |
| `nrf-52-dk/emscript-2V7`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/emscript-2V7/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 2V7 |
| `nrf-52-dk/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF52832 · Zephyr OS · 3V3 |
| `nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/emscript-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 1V8 |
| `nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8 |
| `nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 3V3 |
| `sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> |  | &emsp; SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 1V8 |
| `sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 3V3 |
| `ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/emscript-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 2V2 |
| `ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/emscript-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · EM&bull;Script SDK · 3V3 |
| `ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2 |
| `ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3`&emsp; | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | 📄&ensp;<a href="../captures/ppk2/ti-23-lp/simplelink-3V3/ABOUT.md">&nearr;</a> | &emsp; Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 3V3 |
<!-- @catalog-end -->

An `ABOUT.md` file found in each directory describes the capture's HW/SW configuration as well as summarizes its benchmark scores.&thinsp; This file also contains a screen-shot of a typical advertising event, prepared using the `emscope view` command.

> [!TIP]
> We recommend opening any links marked with &thinsp;&nearr;&thinsp; in a new **Tab** or **Window** within your browser

## Scores

The following table presents a curated collection of capture results from the **BlueJoule** catalog &ndash; summarizing _sleep power_&thinsp;, _event energy_&thinsp;, and a pair of **EM&bull;erald** scores for each entry.&thinsp;

> [!NOTE]
> By way of review, **EM&bull;eralds** quantify _energy efficiency_ &ndash; with higher scores implying lower energy consumption per period:
>
><p align="left"><b><sup>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;EM•eralds = 2400 / (<i>Joules per day</i> × 30) = 80 / <i>Joules per day</i><br>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;CR2032 energy:&nbsp; 225 mAh × 3.6 × 3.0 V ≈ 2.43 kJ<br>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;1 EM•erald ≈ 1 CR2032-month</sup></b></p>

To keep the table manageable in size, we've applied the following filter criteria when selecting individual entries:

🟠 &ensp; recorded with a JouleScope JS220 high-precision energy analyzer<br>
🟠 &ensp; features vendor-supported SW running on off-the-shelf HW<br>
🟠 &ensp; powered at an optimal voltage for the underlying silicon

> [!TIP]
> Hovering over individual capture links within the following table provides an unabbreviated description of the target HW/SW configu&shy;ration.&thinsp; Each of these links will then take you to a screen-shot of typical advertising event.

<!-- @scores-begin -->
<a name="js220-scores"></a><p align="center"><img src="images/emeralds.svg" width="200" alt=""></p>

| &emsp;&emsp;JS220 Capture&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; | sleep power [&thinsp;&mu;W&thinsp;] &ensp; | event energy [&thinsp;&mu;J&thinsp;] &ensp; | 1&thinsp;s period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">] &emsp;&emsp; | 10&thinsp;s period [<img src="images/em-dot.svg" width="12" alt="">] &emsp;&emsp; |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/adi-m17-evk/msdk-3V3/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Analog Devices MAX32655 · Maxim SDK · 3V3") | &emsp;<code>14.593</code> | &emsp;<code>48.216</code> | &emsp;<code> 14.75</code> | &emsp;<code> 47.75</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/emm-9305-dvk/emb-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "EM Microelectronic EM9305 · EM Bleu SDK · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 1.505</code> | &emsp;<code>17.996</code> | &emsp;<code> 47.48</code> | &emsp;<code>280.05</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`in-100-dk/none-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/in-100-dk/none-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "InPlay IN100 · &lt;no code&gt; · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 0.901</code> | &emsp;<code>21.189</code> | &emsp;<code> 41.92</code> | &emsp;<code>306.84</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/nrf-52-dk/zephyr-3V3/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Nordic nRF52832 · Zephyr OS · 3V3") | &emsp;<code> 4.659</code> | &emsp;<code>28.736</code> | &emsp;<code> 27.72</code> | &emsp;<code>122.85</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/nrf-54-dk/zephyr-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Nordic nRF54L15 · Zephyr OS · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 8.384</code> | &emsp;<code>14.984</code> | &emsp;<code> 39.61</code> | &emsp;<code> 93.59</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/sil-g22e-ehk/rail-1V8/ABOUT.md#typical-event "SiLabs EFR32xG22E · Simplicity (RAIL) · 1V8") | &emsp;<code> 4.418</code> | &emsp;<code>21.821</code> | &emsp;<code> 35.28</code> | &emsp;<code>140.22</code> |
| &nbsp;📈&nbsp;`ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2`[&nbsp;&nearr;](../captures/js220/ti-23-lp/simplelink-2V2/ABOUT.md#typical-event "Texas Instruments CC2340R5 · SimpleLink SDK · 2V2") | &emsp;<code> 1.761</code> | &emsp;<code>29.381</code> | &emsp;<code> 29.73</code> | &emsp;<code>197.07</code> |

<!-- @scores-end -->

> [!TIP]
> Consider installing the [open-source](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope/blob/docs-stable/docs/ReadMore.md) **EM&bull;Scope** tool, whose `emscope view --what-if` command allows you to query _other_ event period durations more relevant to your particular application.
>
> The `emscope view --jls-file` command also allows you to interactively explore any of the data captures in the **BlueJoule** catalog using the [**Joulescope File Viewer**](https://www.joulescope.com/pages/downloads) &ndash; without requiring a power analyzer.

## Contributing

To contribute new captures (or to refine existing captures), fork this repository and then submit a pull request (PR) for our consideration.&thinsp; Needless to say, we presume prior experience with the [`emscope`](https://github.com/em-foundation/emscope) command-line tool.

> [!TIP]
> Use this command sequence when locally cloning your fork of this repo:
>
>```
> $ GIT_LFS_SKIP_SMUDGE=1 git clone --filter=blob:none https://github.com/<USER-NAME>/<FORKED-REPO-NAME>
> $ cd <FORKED-REPO-NAME>
> $ git lfs install --local --skip-smudge
>```
>From here, you can use `emscope pack -u` to deflate `emscope-capture.zip` files locally as needed.

If you plan to submit a new capture, create a directory whose name follows the labeling conventions used throughout this repo.&thinsp; Copy an existing capture's `ABOUT.md` file into your new directory, and then modify this file's contents accordingly.

For any technical questions or roadmap suggestions, create a new thread on our [discussions](https://github.com/em-foundation/BlueJoule/discussions/) page.
